hey how's it going Dave Toodee here so
this is a can of coke and behind it is a
can of Awesomeness this is the nebula
capsule made by anchor it's a very small
projector and I've tried a lot of mini
projectors before the rift 6 the pico
projectors like they're just there's
always some kind of deficiency to the
product to the point where I just don't
enjoy using it this is the first thing
that I've enjoyed thoroughly it's bright
it's got good colors and it's just a
really solid product hence the video now
the three biggest issues have had with
mini projectors are number one
brightness they're usually just not
bright enough for me secondly is the
color of the image so it'll just project
usually a very like desaturate or a flat
looking image which i don't like
watching and the third one a big one for
me is sound there there's obviously fan
noise that comes from these things
because there's a little lamp in there
and they got to cool it off which is
fine but if their speakers aren't good
and if they're not loud enough that fan
just drones out everything else that
you're trying to listen to this thing
does not have any of those problems so
this thing has your standard HDMI
connection so you can connect any kind
of media device through an HDMI cable
right up to this thing and it also has a
dongle with a USB connection so you can
connect up a USB flash drive or whatever
but the thing that makes this thing like
so much better than most projectors most
mini projectors is the software that's
built into it
this thing has Netflix YouTube Plex a
whole bunch of media services available
right on the device you don't need to
connect anything third-party or even a
phone to this thing it just literally
takes that service streams it and then
projects it onto a surface all in the
size of a coke can like how cool is that
right okay
another thing I like about this thing is
that the speakers sound way better than
I thought they would now a lot of mini
projectors have this issue with just
having a mono speaker and just
projecting in one direction this they
call it 360 sound I wouldn't go as far
as to call it that but it's just a nice
sounding speaker system that you can
kind of be wherever you want around this
thing and it'll still sound good it's a
5 watt speaker not huge not amazing but
it's clean there's no buzzing there's no
hissing it's just clean audio at a good
volume the lower frequencies are missing
it's not great with bass but considering
the size of this thing I mean it's
probably physically impossible to get a
good bass out of this thing so I'm happy
considering what this thing is the fan
noise is actually pretty average to me I
wouldn't consider it louder or
than most of the many projectors that
I've used but because of the bigger and
better speakers I feel like it kind of
compensates for fan noise the battery
life on this thing they claim for hours
on the website I'm getting actually a
little bit more than that
but I think it depends on what you're
doing with the device so I'm able to get
a little bit more than four hours with
the thing at max brightness but I'm
streaming video if you have this thing
connected to a USB device or some kind
of physical drive that's feeding the
data to the machine I think it's a
little bit less but I'm getting around
four hours of streamed content so the
image is bright way brighter than any of
the other mini projections that I've
tried it's rated at 100 ANSI lumens or a
hundred an SI lumens I'm not sure
exactly how they describe that thing but
this is literally double the brightness
of your average mini projector often
they come in at 50 the colors on this
thing are also really good so that's
something that a lot of mini projectors
screw up on it's just really muted
colors this thing nice colors it's a
little bit oversaturated but considering
what you're doing with this thing like
you're not watching these like super
color accurate images this thing has a
nice color profile it has vertical
Keystone correction so you can have it
tilted or even use it on your bed now
there's one issue with the image and
that is its resolution so before I
looked up the resolution on this thing
when I was just looking at the image on
the wall I always assumed that this
thing was like 720p maybe even Tandy
Peet like my I can't really tell when it
comes to projection because they're
never super super sharp this thing is
actually a 480p projection and it's on
paper that's terrible like that's
straight-up pathetic I think for a lot
of people they're like 840 P screw that
not interested but visually it looks
totally acceptable to me if you're
looking for like a 4k super crisp image
then don't even look at these products
but if you're just looking for like a
large screen with decent image quality
that's super portable this thing fits
the ticket okay in terms of the screen
size you can get up to 100 inches that's
what they say but you got to be in a
really dark room to project it like that
but I can get like a 62 maybe 70 inch
image without going to a super dark area
so what else is that there's a remote
it's like kind of your standard remote
and there's also an app that you can use
on your phone to control the device and
it's surprisingly good there's no
hiccups it's not janky and there is
mouse control it's actually a pretty
good app there's some things I don't
like about this thing the big one for me
is frame rate so I don't mind the
resolution loss because visually I just
it's not that important to me at this
screen size and at this
viewing distance but the reduced
framerate limits this thing for my use
so if I'm watching twitch or even
playing games I'm used to just watching
things at 60 frames per second this
thing is not I want to say it's like 24
or maybe even 30 frames per second it's
not really listed in the instruction
manual so I'm not sure what it is but
it's definitely not 64 inch or second
another thing I don't like is that you
can't log into the YouTube app so maybe
they'll fix that in the future but in
its current iteration because you can't
log in you don't see your subscription
feed or anything like that you there's
still a search history so you can kind
of see the videos that you've looked up
in the past but there's no custom feed
in the YouTube app right now okay my
favorite thing about this device though
is seriously this thing paired with one
of these things those like retro gaming
consoles from Nintendo this kind of
combination is super fun like this is
already a portable system they can bring
around do whatever you want with it and
then you plug it up to the projector and
now you can play big screen Mario Cart
wherever the heck you want it's freaking
awesome so this is a device that is
gonna be different for everyone who uses
it
some people want something like this
some people want to stream for the phone
through airplay cast or Android whatever
it is there's just so much utility with
this thing and I think for a lot of
people it's a really good pick up so
this thing starts at 350 bucks it's
obviously not cheap but it's got a lot
of utility and for the right person it's
a really cool device okay hope you guys
enjoyed this video thumbs we liked it
subs we loved it
see you guys next time